General 7.0.0 (MP-8832) [MP-7791] Notifications Widget : Make groups and individual tenants searchable Created: 27/Jun/23  Updated: 10/Feb/25 Status:Ready For DevProject:Mojo ProjectComponents:Mojo (Dashboard) Affects versions:None Fix versions:7.0.0 Parent:General 7.0.0Type: Story Priority: High Reporter: Daniel Trusler Assignee: Unassigned Resolution: Unresolved Votes: 0 Labels: None Remaining Estimate:Not Specified Time Spent:Not Specified Original estimate:Not Specified Attachments: image-20221104-170227.png     Issue links: Relatesrelates to MP-6997 Notifications Widget : Properties wit... Done Application:Mojo-Platform Story Author:Daniel Trusler Epic Link:General 7.0.0 Sprint:MS 2025 04 GENERALTest Notes:Make sure that the ticket fulfils its brief.Regression test the search, make sure it still searches on everything else. TEST CASE 1Looking up records in the Recipients fieldPreconditions* User is logged in to the Mojo AppTest Procedure1. Open the My Dashboards screen by either using the burger menu on left hand side or the shortcut in the top right corner, under the database / user name dropdown2. Navigate to the Property lister page and select a Property record3. If the Property Dashboard doesn’t have the Notifications widget, add it using the widget selector4. On the Notifications widget click on the Create button5. On the pop-up, click onto the Recipients field and type in a keyword such as ‘East’; ‘Test’ etc - something that will be on multiple recordsExpected OutcomeThe list returns results containing the key word and groups them by record type/main recordActual OutcomeTEST CASE 2Selecting some of the records we looked up in Test Case 1Preconditions* Test Case 1 completedTest Procedure1. On the list of the results manually select a number of records2. Click out of the search windowExpected OutcomeSelected records should be added to the Recipients fieldsActual Outcome-TEST CASE 3Selecting all records we looked up in Test Case 1Preconditions* Test Case 1 completedTest Procedure1. After entering your keyword/phrase and you can see all results, tick the box next to the search field2. Click out of the search windowExpected OutcomeAll records should pull through to the Recipients field (only a couple will be visible). Upon reopening the search window, you should see all selected records selected within the whole listActual Outcome-Development Approach:I have created this example which demonstrates how you can filter based on multiple fields, my dev approach suggestion is:1. To remove the JsonIgnore on PropertyName in NotificationEntityByUnitDto on the back end. This should make the returned items have the property name on them as well2. Adjust NotificationEntityByUnit on the front end to match3. add filterBy to the multiselect and supply a comma separated list of the fields you want to filter onLast Verified:27/Jun/23 Release Notes:YESAcceptance Criteria:GIVENA user needs to select multiple recipients using the same keyword/phraseWHENA user click on the recipients field and types in a keyword/phrase ('east' for example)THENThe search should return all records containing that wordRefined By:General  Description   Build reported in :* v6.60.10-dev-24060Widget(s) :* Notifications WidgetRequirement :Backgroundhttps://tracesolutions.atlassian.net/browse/MP-6997 introduced grouping / segregating collections of related data property under sub-headings in the recipients dropdown. This has been achieved by using the below PrimeNG ‘out of the box’ component.https://primeng.org/multiselect#group However, one of the requirements was to allow the groupings to be searchable but this requires customisation of the PrimeNG ‘out of the box’ component - and will likely be too expensive in the time we have left for v6.60.10We (Weverson and I), have therefore decided to split the sub-heading search feature out of the original ticket, to deliver the core benefit, and to add it to this ticket and schedule it for a later release where we have more budget of time.The following is required :GIVEN* A User is using the Notification Centre Widget.* The Recipients dropdown on has been clicked to display its list.WHEN* The User types into the search feature which is part of the Recipient dropdownTHEN* The search results should return both matching groups (i.e. for ‘East’: all Tenants under Eastfield shopping centre) and any individuals (i.e. for ‘East’ (e.g.) Eastman Estate Agents)Generated at Tue Feb 11 14:22:51 GMT 2025 by Daniel Trusler using Jira 1001.0.0-SNAPSHOT#100279-rev:0c5ec5823d59314d29237bdb14c48883af10ba24. 