JIRA Epic MP-9628 – Works v6.90.10 Essentials.

JIRA Story MP-9988 - A Creditor Invoice form is populated with the Mojo ‘Works’ contract details when an invoice has been submitted via the ‘Mojo for Suppliers’ (MFS) app.

Description

As a Mojo user having both Works and MFS enabled, I want my Creditor Invoice forms to be automatically populated with Contract details if the invoice was submitted via MFS, so that I don’t have to manually fill these in and I can save a lot of time doing admin tasks.


This story is to ensure that Contract details are being pulled through to Creditor Invoice form when the invoice was submitted via MFS, just like they do on Purchase Orders.

The required fields are:

DOCUMENT LEVEL

Supplier/account

Contract

Document type

Document Date

Document reference

Net amount

VAT rate

VAT Amount

Gross amount

Services rendered → Narrative

Item level details to be populated once From/To dates been selected on the form, as per MP-9904 WORKS - Contract - Contract selection to Creditor Invoice Form (see appendix).

Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a Supplier has submitted an invoice via MFS
WHEN the form is submitted
THEN a Creditor Invoice form is created in the ‘pending’ state

AND when a Mojo User opens the form all fields are populated based on the invoice supplied, contract selected and to and from dates chosen, with relevant Items reflecting services, as in MP-9904 WORKS - Contract - Contract selection to Creditor Invoice Form (see appendix).

Appendix

MP-9904 WORKS - Contract - Contract selection to Creditor Invoice Form (see appendix).

Description

As a Mojo user with Works access, I want to be able to create a Creditor Invoice Form with a Contract selected on it, so that I can invoice against the contractual commitments, and I can keep track of the contracts financial and operational progress.


To enable the user to select a Contract, we need to enrich the current Purchase Order selection field:

Change the label to Purchase Order / Contract

Make the dropdown display both POs and Contracts

Enable the group property on the field, so records can be grouped by Work Item type (contract / po)

The behaviour when a Purchase Order is selected should remain the same, however when selecting a contract, we need to force the user to select a From and To date, which we use to determine which commitments we want to write off.

To do so, we’ll display a dialog with From and To date input fields (related to the From/To fields on the form itself) along with Cancel and Ok buttons - see below at the designs section.

If the user enters the date and clicks on Ok, the relevant services will pull through as invoice lines. → any other case will result in disposing any input in the form

Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN a user wants to link a Contract to the form
WHEN the user starts filling in the fields in document level
THEN a Purchase Order / Contract field is visible


GIVEN a user wants to select a contract
WHEN the user clicks on the dropdown selection field
THEN a list of available contracts and purchase orders will show
AND they will be grouped by type


GIVEN a user wants to manage the Creditor Invoice Items
WHEN the contract is selected
THEN Creditor Invoice Items are being created for each Contract Service that has occurrence in the set From/To period


GIVEN a user inspects the automatically created Creditor Invoice Items
WHEN the details are checked against the Contract Service details
THEN all details, such as Transaction Type, Schedule and Expense Code, have been pulled through


GIVEN a user wants to submit this form
WHEN the user has filled in all required fields and submits the Creditor Invoice Form
THEN the form gets submitted 

High Level test Notes

Contracts are visible in the dropdown selection field

When a Contract is selected, the dialog shows on screen

When a PO is selected, the dialog doesn’t show on screen

If the dialog is closed without date inputs and pressing OK, the selection gets cleared

if the dialog is closed using the ok button after inputting dates, the dates pull through to the form and invoice line items get created

the invoice line items will have the relevant financial details pulled through from the contract service lines

 

Additional test:

Work was added to this ticket to include not displaying the From/To date dialog if the contract service didn’t recur. 

Create a contract with a service with occurrence set to Never.

Start the contract.

Create a creditor invoice and call up the contract. Test: the ‘to/from’ dates should not be presented, the service should be called up.

Repeat this with a service with recurrence set to 1 (eg annually), behaviour should be the same, no to/from dialog.