JIRA Epic Ref MP-10180 Works 7.0 Non-Headline

JIRA Story Ref MP-9669 New Widget – Works - Works - Add Keyword Search to lister pages

Description

As a Works User I want to be able to search lister pages by specific text (alphanumeric) so that Finding items in the Listers is quicker and more efficient.

On all Works lister pages include a new row between Title row and the Column header row.

In the new row include an editable field with a placeholder of “Search…” . the search function will run as the characters are entered by the user.

The search will accept any characters .

The search will not be case sensitive.

From Prime View



And is also shown in the Poseidon Crud Folder

 

The keyword search will:

Be of the type ‘contains’ 

If the table is already filtered by column filter, Search on the filtered results (i.e. this further restricts the results rather than starting from scratch)

If possible, highlight the places where the searched for text has been found (as in the My activities page) Caveat: may need to be a separate ticket.

 

Notes: 

In ‘My Activities' list we excluded dates from the search - this was because you had to be very precise in how you entered the date to get the right results (and you could always use the filter) - I’m happy for us to do the same here.

At some point this will become slow for larger users - In a future release we will add a default filter that can be set at admin level (e.g. Records within the last six months) - but we do not need to do this now. 


Acceptance Criteria

GIVEN - Any Works area (eg. PO’s, Contract, Jobs, Invoices, Payments) is entered

When - The Lister page is viewed

Then - There will be a global Keyword search Field below the Lister Title row and above the Column headings row

Given - On any Lister page 

When - Characters are entered into the Keyword search 

Then - the search functionality will immediately start reducing the items included in the Lister

Given - Characters have been entered in the keyword search

When - the search results are returned

Then -

The search will be based on the combination and order of the characters entered

The search will not be Case Sensitive

Given - the search results have reduced the rows included on the lister 

When - the accuracy of the results is verified

Then - the rows on the lister correctly reflect the search parameter

Given - a search has been applied to a lister page

When - the search characters are deleted

Then - The lister page will adjust as the search parameter is reduced



Test Notes

Use manually confirmed search results to confirm that the searches are correctly returned

Test with wide variety of character types to confirm that the search correctly handles character types.

Delete the Search characters and confirm that The rows in the lister are always the same as before any search parameter was entered.

Ensure that the acceptance criteria are correctly included in the functionality